Now you can go to a round
Nothing
I just want to tell you that I am up
The cant still banned for 25 hours
am
that means yes from then on soon
So I'll just go with the account
online are also a clear and so
need the points and as large as
do not give a shit and I'll do that myself
the people on the account can and
Now I have a little one left
Surprise for you what not
so good is I have really many
That's why pre-produced videos do not matter
at the same time to the same good German
I know it back so welcome
I 'm in Kienbaum right now
bvb logged in and so that the account
what I bought myself where I was born
has been
and I wanted an account anyway
So yes, and I just got it right
everything was played and I think so
I think I have to be exactly what I am
I'm just doing
there you can do that 10 I am for that
one as abba and I'm like 27 already
warned
So, I'm a bit scared of
often I do not have anything at all
made
but that's the only thing
I apparently would have done that
I at Philips my lobby and then
are lots subsided delivered
I have and I believe sometimes and then
he has asked why all were running then
So I write fun as fun then
shut up
Maybe you have no idea if it because
I would find out soon
would inform of course but the
next videos what I come for what
Most so yesterday yesterday
The day before yesterday does not produce
wonder why am I there if so
videos are coming
I defend myself bomb was two months
I can not come in for a long time except me
welcome accepted what i but me
believe and yes I have fun too
son jett sometimes down and fun too
colleagues like for example the children's day
5 or so so no idea just
fun but maybe it can be that
I was banned because of that
no matter in any case now the same
five videos or so normal and come
then again with my frequent
real account you can get videos
and maybe you can too
I do not know I've been in since yesterday
Hand that so I was earlier one
different and that is yes you can say
broken or something and now there's
One can say the reborn one hand
So there is again
and yes I am also a trainer now
elite so I have everything on the elite
rank
and yes, that's what I wanted you to do
show that I am healthy in the field
and maybe I will have it now
but that was the whole time
thrown out three times today
so helped by over from minecraft
although I usually do not but yes me
Do not be around for long and
you just get worried next time
People